[On Hold] Add Heliarch and Resistance intros (#4800)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/heliarch intro.txt

		payment 900000
		conversation
				branch evidence0
					"resistance evidence" == 0
				branch evidence1
					"resistance evidence" == 1
				branch evidence2
					"resistance evidence" == 2
				branch evidence3
					"resistance evidence" == 3
			label evidence0
			`The Heliarch elder, Iekie, greets you and the agents when you return, and gives you your payment of 900000 credits.`
			`	"Unearthed some useful information, we have," Iplora tells her. "Essential to the mission's success, Captain <last>'s cooperativeness was."`
			`	"No doubt of that, I have. To the report, looking forward I am."`
			`	They thank you once again for helping, and then walk to the Heliarch-only parts of the ringworld.`
				accept
			label evidence1
			`The Heliarch elder, Iekie, greets you and the agents when you return, and gives you your payment of 900000 credits.`
			`	"Unearthed some useful information, we have," Iplora tells her. "Essential to the mission's success, Captain <last>'s cooperativeness was."`
			`	"No doubt of that, I have. To the report, looking forward I am."`

> 			`	They then get closer to her, and Iplora whispers something, handing her a separate report card, written differently than the Coalition languages that you've seen. It must be some type of code.`

Reviewer: `	The agents then get closer to her before Iplora whispers something, handing her a separate report card that's written differently than the Coalition languages you've seen. It must be some type of code.`

			`	Iekie turns to you once more, saying, "Quite a find, this is. Done well, you have, Captain."`
				goto finalthanks
			label evidence2

> 			`The Heliarch elder, Iekie, greets you and the agents when you return, and gives you your payment of 900000 credits.`

Reviewer: Same as above. I have to skip repetitive parts due to time constrains.

			`	Iekie turns to you once more, saying, "Most useful to our investigation, these findings will prove. Excellent work, Captain."`
				goto finalthanks
			label evidence3
			`The Heliarch elder, Iekie, greets you and the agents when you return, and gives you your payment of 900000 credits.`
			`	"Unearthed some useful information, we have," Iplora tells her. "Essential to the mission's success, Captain <last>'s cooperativeness was."`
			`	"No doubt of that, I have. To the report, looking forward I am."`
			`	They then get closer to her, and Iplora whispers something, handing her three separate report cards, written differently than the Coalition languages that you've seen. It must be some type of code.`
			`	Iekie turns to you once more, saying, "Enviable, your prowess at investigation is, <last>. Outstanding work, Captain."`
				goto finalthanks
			label finalthanks
			`	They thank you once again for helping, and then walk to the Heliarch-only parts of the ringworld.`

mission "HI2-Bonus 1"
	invisible
	landing
	to offer
		has "Heliarch Investigation 2: done"
		"resistance evidence" == 1
	source
		government "Coalition" "Heliarch"
	on offer
		payment 300000
		conversation

> 			`Coming in for a landing, you receive a message from the the Heliarch elder Iekie.`

Reviewer: `You receive a message from the Heliarch elder Iekie as you go in for a landing.`

			`	Tugroob suggests that he pose as an Arach writer looking to find housing on the planet, and scurries off to what must be a real estate office. Iplora continues with the original idea of pretending to be a tourist, saying that she will get by asking the young local Arachi, hoping to find something of use.`
			`	You are left with Kirrie, who has been mostly silent as his friends left your ship.`
			choice
				`	"Are you not going to follow their lead?"`
				`	"Have you not decided how to investigate the planet?"`
			`	"Captain <last>. Give us an edge, your human approach to these missions would, is what the elder said. Only, underused, your foreign ideas are, if only the order at which we land on these planets, they are used for."`
			`	He looks out to the rainy spaceport, some rain drops are starting to get inside your ship, since the hatch is still open.`
			`	"Lead the way, would you? The warehouses, I wish to inspect, but your assistance I could use."`
			choice
				`	"Of course, I'll get my rain coat."`
					goto wetbeetle
				`	"I'd rather not go out there with that rain."`
					goto lonebeetle
			label wetbeetle

> 			`	You walk in a straight line for about an hour, many times without any building providing cover from the rain. Kirrie takes you to the very edge of the town; you would be able to see the hills and mountains in the distance, were it not for the colossal rain clouds and the nonstop precipitation blocking your view. One or two warehouses have a bit of rust on their doors, and rarely you spot one with a damaged roof, some rain creeping inside. You can also make out the figures of small trees and bushes though, not too far out.`

Reviewer: `	You walk in a straight line for about an hour, many times without any building providing cover from the rain. Kirrie takes you to the very edge of the town where you would be able to see the hills and mountains in the distance, were it not for the colossal rain clouds and the nonstop precipitation blocking your view. One or two warehouses have a fair bit of rust on their doors, and just once did you spot one with a damaged roof. You can also make out the shapes of small trees and bushes not too far out.`

> 			`	"Now, Captain, to start looking for something suspicious, where would you?" He asks, showing you some sort of identification card, and explaining that it can open the doors here, but you really can't make out any differences between any of the many warehouses here. One or two have a bit of rust on the doors, and some of them appear to have some rain dripping it's way inside, but aside from small details you can't make out any striking characteristic of the Arachi warehouses.`

Reviewer: `	"Now, Captain, to start looking for something suspicious, where would you?" He asks, showing you some sort of identification card, explaining that it can open any of the warehouse doors.`

			choice
				`	(Check the warehouses with the rusty doors.)`
					goto rustybeetle

> 				`	(Check the warehouses with infiltration.)`

Author: I dunno, feels like the more appropriate term.

> 				`	(Check the warehouses with infiltration.)`

Reviewer: No. Anarchist is right here.

					goto reactor
				`	(Go further out and check the trees and bushes.)`
					goto trees
			label rustybeetle

> 			`	Kirrie uses his card to open the door, and continues to explain that it is an access card granted to Heliarch agents, in case they need to do something like this, or just identify themselves as one.`

Reviewer: `	Kirrie uses his card to open the door, explaining that it is an access card granted to Heliarch agents, in the event they need to conduct any work such as this, or simply to identify themselves as an agent.`

> 			`	Sadly the warehouse turns out to not contain anything significant. It's a storage for what Kirrie says are toy parts, just mountains of plastic stacked together.`

Reviewer: `	Sadly the warehouse turns out to contain nothing of any significance. It's a storage for what Kirrie says are toy parts. Just mountains of plastic stacked together.`

			`	You check a few more like this, but none turn out to have anything. The rain is starting to get heavier.`
			choice
				`	(Check the warehouses with infiltration now.)`
					goto reactor
				`	(Go further out and check the trees and bushes.)`
					goto trees2
				`	(Leave the rest of this to Kirrie.)`
					goto whiteflagbeetle
			label whiteflagbeetle
			`	You apologize and tell Kirrie that you don't know what to do next, but while he does agree to do it himself, he never stops asking for your opinion on his choices.`

> 			`	You spend a few more hours checking the warehouses, until the rain and the wind get too dangerous for you to be moving from warehouse to warehouse, so you take shelter in one of them until the weather settles. Once it does, near nightfall, he gets notified by Iplora that she and Tugroob are already back at the ship, so you two decide to head back too.`

Reviewer: `	You spend a few more hours checking the warehouses until the rain and the wind get too dangerous for you to be moving from warehouse to warehouse, so you take shelter in one of them until the weather settles. Once it does though, it is nearly nightfall, and Kirrie was notified by Iplora that she and Tugroob are already back at the ship, so you two decide to head back too.`

> 			`	It seems Tugroob found some evidence of some smuggled weapons passing through here, but nothing major. They get back in their bunks, saying you may depart now.`

Reviewer: `	It seems Tugroob found some evidence of some smuggled weapons passing through here, but nothing major. Exhausted, they get back in their bunks, asking you to depart the planet.`

				accept
			label reactor
			apply
				"resistance evidence" ++
			`	Kirrie tries to open the door, but can't get his card to work.`
			`	"All the doors to these warehouses, my card should open. Damaged, the reader doesn't seem to be," he says. He decides that he must get in, and grabs a small sidearm, busting the door open after some shots.`

> 			`	There is nothing inside, at first glance, but as he crawls all over the place with furious speed, he puts his head to a large metal panel on the opposite end of the room, and shoots it open too, revealing a hidden staircase leading down.`

Reviewer: `	Aat first glance there is nothing inside, but as he crawls all over the place with furious speed, he puts his head to a large metal panel on the opposite end of the room, before shooting that too, revealing a hidden staircase leading underground.`

			`	Once the weather settles, near nightfall, he gets notified by Iplora that she and Tugroob are already back at the ship, so you two decide to head back as well.`
			`	It seems Tugroob found some evidence of some smuggled weapons passing through here, but nothing major. They get back in their bunks, saying you may depart now.`
				accept
			label trees2
			`	You suggest looking for something unusual near the plant life you spotted, while the rain is still fairly tame, and he follows you. You spend a few minutes looking around the trees, but find nothing suspicious.`
			`	While passing by another set of bushes, he notices that some of them are awkwardly tilted. Upon further inspection, he tells you that they appear to have been removed, and then forcibly put on the ground again, noting some odd, wavy patterns of the small rocks around the roots. The rain gets even heavier.`
			choice
				`	(Dig out the bushes.)`
					goto bushending
				`	(Head back to the open warehouses and take shelter there.)`
					goto beetledigger
			label beetledigger

> 			`	Though you can barely hear each other in the rain, Kirrie insists in staying there and digging through the ground for a while, to see if he finds anything.`

Reviewer: `	Though you can barely hear each other in the rain, Kirrie insists on staying there and digging through the ground for a while to see if he finds anything.`

> 			`	You walk back to the empty streets, taking care to not slip on the damp soil, and enter one of the warehouses Kirrie had previously opened. After a few minutes, he walks in, saying he dug out many, but couldn't find anything under the sets of bushes.`

Reviewer: `	You walk back to the empty streets, taking care to not slip on the damp soil. You enter one of the warehouses Kirrie had previously opened before being joined by him as he walks in, informing you that he dug out the suspicious bushes, but couldn't find anything under them.`

			`	Once the weather settles, near nightfall, he gets notified by Iplora that she and Tugroob are already back at the ship, so you two decide to head back as well.`
			`	It seems Tugroob found some evidence of some smuggled weapons passing through here, but nothing major. They get back in their bunks, saying you may depart now.`
				accept
			label lonebeetle

> 			`	He leaves too, and you're on your own in the ship for a couple hours. Eventually the get back, and it seems only Tugroob found something, mentioning some evidence of smuggled weapons passing through the planet.`

Reviewer: `	Kirrie leaves you behind and you sit there on your own for a number of hours. Eventually, the trio returns, revealing that only Tugroob had found something, mentioning some evidence of smuggled weapons passing through the planet.`

			`	The three agents get back in their bunks, and say you may depart now.`

mission "HI2-SF"
	name "Investigate Stronghold of Flugbu"
	description "Transport the Heliarch trio here so that they can investigate signs of Resistance activity."
	to offer
		has "Heliarch Investigation 1: done"
	source "Ring of Friendship"
	destination "Stronghold of Flugbu"
	to fail
		or
			has "Heliarch Investigation 2: declined"
			has "Heliarch Investigation 2: aborted"
			has "Heliarch Investigation 2 :failed"
	on complete
		conversation

> 			`While you doubt anyone opposing the Heliarchs would find much success in this massive compound, it seems the planet holds enough resources, ships and a valuable positioning that it was still marked for investigation.`

Reviewer: `While you doubt anyone opposing the Heliarchs would find much success in this massive compound, it seems the planet holds enough resources, ships and serves as a valuable location that it was still marked for investigation.`

> 			`	The three agents say you cannot go to most of the parts here they will be headed to, so you stay inside your ship. They return right as the sun is setting, and say they haven't found anything.`

Reviewer: `	The three agents informs you that you're not allowed to enter most of the compound they will be headed to, leaving you behind to stay inside your ship. They return right as the sun is setting, revealing that they've found no signs of the resistance.`

mission "HI2-SS"
	name "Investigate Shifting Sand"
	description "Transport the Heliarch trio here so that they can investigate signs of Resistance activity."
	to offer
		has "Heliarch Investigation 1: done"
	source "Ring of Friendship"
	destination "Shifting Sand"
	to fail
		or
			has "Heliarch Investigation 2: declined"
			has "Heliarch Investigation 2: aborted"
			has "Heliarch Investigation 2 :failed"
	on complete
		conversation

> 			`Immediately upon landing, Iplora is ready to leave your ship, going off on her own. You ask Tugroob and Kirrie about it, and they say that she is just taking a small break.`

Reviewer: `Immediately upon landing, Iplora is the first to leave your ship, disappearing into the spaceport before you could stop her. You ask Tugroob and Kirrie about it, and they say that she is just taking a small break.`

			`	"Value moments of solitude, the Saryd do. To a calm oasis, she will head for the day," Kirrie explains, as he also prepares to leave, claiming to know some Heliarchs stationed here who could help him look into some rumors.`
			`	Being the last Heliarch agent in your ship, Tugroob turns to you, and asks, "Assist me in my search, would you, Captain?"`
			choice
				`	"Of course, where are we headed?"`
					goto desertspider
				`	"Sorry, I'll have to refuse this time."`
					goto lonespider
			label desertspider

> 			`	"Reports of suspicious transactions, we have received. An outdated, abandoned warehouse, the place is. For storage of the few crops that can grow here, used, it was," they say, as you put in the coordinates they give you, and land nearby.`

Reviewer: `	"Reports of suspicious transactions, we have received. An outdated, abandoned warehouse, the place is. For storage of the few crops that can grow here, used, it was," they say as you put in the coordinates they give you.`

> 			`	You follow Tugroob to the storage area, spotting a desert storm brewing in the distance as you walk there. Around the area where they say the crops were originally planted and tested, a large crack has formed.`

Reviewer: `	You follow Tugroob to the storage area after landing, spotting a desert storm brewing in the distance as you make your way there. A large crack has formed, around the area where they said the crops were originally planted and tested.`

> 			`	The barn itself is quite large, and probably could hold more stockpile than one of the medium-sized Arach freighters in it's earlier days, but now many of the planks making up the walls have been torn down in several spots.`

Reviewer: `	The barn itself is quite large and could probably hold more stockpile than one of the medium-sized Arach freighters in it's earlier days, but now many of the planks making up the walls have been torn down in several spots.`

			choice
				`	"Let's check out the barn."`
					goto barn
				`	"Maybe we should enter that hole where the crops used to be."`
					goto holeintheground
			label barn

> 			`	You two head inside, to find the place nearly entirely empty, save for a few sets of crates and barrels around the corners.`

Reviewer: `	The two of you head inside to find the place nearly entirely empty, save for a few sets of crates and barrels around the corners.`

		not "Resistance: Questions: offered"
	on offer
		conversation
			`Some Heliarchs approach you as you land. You think you can recognize the Saryd of the group as one of those who asked you to land on all the Quarg-owned worlds some time ago.`
			`	"The honorable Captain, we once again are pleased to greet," he says.`
			`	"Another fortuitous meeting, we hope this will be."`
			`	"In mind, a new strategy we have. Your assistance, we once again require."`
			choice
				`	"What do you need me to do?"`
				`	"I'm sorry, but I'm not willing to risk my ship any longer to help you spy on the Quarg."`
					decline
			`	"If too complex and protected, the Quarg's rings are, perhaps something new, from their ships we might learn."`
			`	"Scan them during our war, we of course did, but much wiser and more sofisticated, we and our devices have become."`
			`	"To use one of our own scanners, we cannot ask of thee. Much risk, it would pose. Alas, if to <destination>, a human Outfit Scanner you bring, alter it, we could."`
			`	You agree to head there once you have equipped an Outfit Scanner, and they thank you for your willingness to help.`
				accept
	on complete
		require "Outfit Scanner"

> mission "Heliarch Recon 2-B"

Author: I don't think there's a way to do that, oof.

	name "Silent Scan"

> 	description "Now that the Heliarchs have altered your Outfit Scanner, head to and scan some Quarg ships there, then report back to <destination>."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "Now that the Heliarchs have altered your Outfit Scanner, head to <waypoint> and scan some Quarg ships there, then report back to <destination>."
```
I'm not entirely sure I did the suggestion right, but the destination is missing.

			`	"Dangerous for you, it could also be. Irritated, the Quarg might have been, if our technology, on your ship they noticed. Attacked you, they might have."`
			choice
				`	"And why would that be any different this time?"`
				`	"Well, I don't want to risk any of that. Sorry, but I can't help you."`
					decline
			`	"Information, we have acquired. Protected by the Quarg, some expedition in the nearby human systems was. Correct that is, yes?"`
			`	You confirm that there was indeed an archeology project on Zug, and explain how a Quarg Wardragon helped protect the dig site from a pirate attack.`
			`	"Then alone, the Wardragon is," the Arach says. "From their rings, and other worlds, far away it is. Arrive, reinforcements will not."`
			`	"Only to scan it, we ask of you, Captain. Free to run away, you are, if it indeed attacks you," the Saryd reiterates.`
			choice
				`	"Fine, I'll help you, but won't risk my life for the scans if the Wardragon attacks me outright."`
					accept
				`	"You say that, but the one going up against a Quarg ship would be me. Sorry, I won't help you this time."`
					decline
	on complete
		outfit "Scanning Module" 1

> 		fail "Rim Archaeology 5

Reviewer 3: what the fuck github
```suggestion
		fail "Rim Archaeology 5B"
```

# Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
#
# Endless Sky is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
# WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
# PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.

mission "Heliarch Investigation 1"
	name "Transport Heliarch"
	description "Bring three Heliarch agents to <destination>."
	passengers 3
	to offer
		"coalition jobs" >= 70
		has "Coalition: Contributor: done"
		has "main plot completed"
		not "Resistance: Questions: offered"
	source
		near "Quaru" 4 10
	destination "Ring of Friendship"
	on offer
		conversation
			`A group of Heliarch agents rapidly approach you as you step onto the spaceport, looking rather hasty as they stand in front of you.`
			`	"Looking for work, the human visitor is?" The Saryd asks.`
			`	"To the <destination>, a means of transport we need," the Kimek follows.`
			`	"<payment>, we can offer," the Arach finishes the proposal.`
			choice
				`	"Of course, I'll show you to my ship."`
				`	"Sorry, I'm not looking for any work currently."`
					decline

> 			`	They thank you for agreeing to deliver them to <destination> as they introduce themselves as Iplora, Kirrie, and Tugroob respectively. You help them settle in their bunks, wondering why they so hastily came to you for transportation.`

Author: changed the names part a bit

	passengers 3
	to offer
		has "Heliarch Investigation 1: done"
		not "Resistance: Questions: offered"
	source "Ring of Friendship"
	destination "Ring of Friendship"
	to complete
		has "HI2-MP: done"
		has "HI2-SF: done"
		has "HI2-SS: done"
		has "HI2-FS: done"
		has "HI2-IW: done"
		has "HI2-RB: done"
	on offer
		conversation
			`The agents you transported here meet you as you're entering the spaceport.`
			`	"Captain <last>! Here again, you are. A stroke of fortune, this is," Iplora says.`
			`	"Accompany us, would you? A job for you, we might have."`
			choice
				`	"I don't see why not, lead the way."`
					goto heliarchelder
				`	"Not this time, I'm really busy now."`
					decline
			label heliarchelder
			`	The trio escorts you through a number of restricted passageways, eventually leading you to a meeting room of sorts with about a dozen other Heliarchs, one of whom motions for you to sit with them.`
			`	You take a seat before one of the Kimek there speaks, "The honorable Captain, we salute. Make you feel welcome, I, elder Iekie, of the Heliarch council, do hope we will."`
			choice
				`	"Nice to meet you."`
				`	"Are you the one that has a job for me?"`

> 			`	"Stable and safe, our great Coalition is. Sadly, there are some who's ideas of revolt and rebellion spread," she says.`

Author: it's the 's that wasn't supposed to be there

			`	It seems Tugroob found some evidence of some smuggled weapons passing through here, but nothing major. Exhausted, they get back in their bunks, asking you to depart the planet.`
				accept
			label reactor
			apply
				"resistance evidence" ++
			`	Kirrie tries to open the door, but can't get his card to work.`
			`	"All the doors to these warehouses, my card should open. Damaged, the reader doesn't seem to be," he says. He decides that he must get in, and grabs a small sidearm, busting the door open after some shots.`
			`	At first glance there is nothing inside, but as he crawls all over the place with furious speed, he puts his head to a large metal panel on the opposite end of the room, before shooting that too, revealing a hidden staircase leading underground.`
			`	As you start heading down, you notice that many pipes make their way down too, and you can hear the water from the rain flowing inside. On your way down, suddenly Kirrie yells for you to take cover, and dozens of shots start coming your way. One of the shots hits one of Kirrie's legs before he can take cover.`

> 			`	You two attempt to retaliate, spotting several small automatic turrets on the ceiling and walls, but their fire proves too much, so you two rush back outside, where Kirrie uses a small radio-like device to call for support. A pair of Heliarch Punishers land nearby shortly after, and you two head back in with dozens of armed agents following.`

Author: not a fan of changing the rest

mission "HI2-SS"
	name "Investigate Shifting Sand"
	description "Transport the Heliarch trio here so that they can investigate signs of Resistance activity."
	to offer
		has "Heliarch Investigation 1: done"
	source "Ring of Friendship"
	destination "Shifting Sand"
	to fail
		or
			has "Heliarch Investigation 2: declined"
			has "Heliarch Investigation 2: aborted"
			has "Heliarch Investigation 2 :failed"
	on complete
		conversation
			`Immediately upon landing, Iplora is the first to leave your ship, disappearing into the spaceport before you could stop her. You ask Tugroob and Kirrie about it, and they say that she is just taking a small break.`
			`	"Value moments of solitude, the Saryd do. To a calm oasis, she will head for the day," Kirrie explains, as he also prepares to leave, claiming to know some Heliarchs stationed here who could help him look into some rumors.`
			`	Being the last Heliarch agent in your ship, Tugroob turns to you, and asks, "Assist me in my search, would you, Captain?"`
			choice
				`	"Of course, where are we headed?"`
					goto desertspider
				`	"Sorry, I'll have to refuse this time."`
					goto lonespider
			label desertspider

> 			`	"Reports of suspicious transactions, we have received. An outdated, abandoned warehouse, the place is. For storage of the few crops that can grow here, used, it was," they say as you put in the coordinates they give you.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	"Reports of suspicious transactions at an outdated, abandoned warehouse, we have received. For storage of the few crops that can grow here, used, it was," they say as you put in the coordinates they give you.`
```
I'd recommend giving Tugroob a gender. I can't see any reason not to.

Author: eh would need to change too many instances, don't think it's worth the effort

> 			`	You follow Tugroob to the storage area after landing, spotting a desert storm brewing in the distance as you make your way there. A large crack has formed, around the area where they said the crops were originally planted and tested.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	You follow Tugroob to the storage area after landing, spotting a desert storm brewing in the distance as you make your way there. A large crack has formed around the area where they said the crops were originally planted and tested.`
```

> 			`	The barn itself is quite large and could probably hold more stockpile than one of the medium-sized Arach freighters in it's earlier days, but now many of the planks making up the walls have been torn down in several spots.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	The barn is large enough that it could have held more stockpile than any medium-sized Arach freighters. Now, many of the planks making up the walls have been torn down in several spots.`
```

			choice
				`	"Let's check out the barn."`
					goto barn
				`	"Maybe we should enter that hole where the crops used to be."`
					goto holeintheground
			label barn

> 			`	The two of you head inside to find the place nearly entirely empty, save for a few sets of crates and barrels around the corners.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	The two of you head inside to find the place nearly empty, save for a few crates and barrels in corners.`
```

> 			`	You follow Tugroob to the upper levels, but once again find nothing but dusty containers. A small gap between the planks here allows some sand to come inside, the storm is getting closer.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	You follow Tugroob to the upper levels but once again find nothing but dusty containers. A small gap between the planks here allows some sand to come inside. A sandstorm is likely on the way.`
```
Didn't see any mention of a storm up until this point.

Author: `	You follow Tugroob to the storage area after landing, spotting a desert storm brewing in the distance as you make your way there. A large crack has formed around the area where they said the crops were originally planted and tested.`

two lines under `label desertspider`

			`	"Much too obvious a hiding spot, this would be," they say.`
			choice

> 				`	"You're right, should we go outside and check around that hole?"`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
				`	"You're right. Should we go outside and check around that hole?"`
```

					goto anotherholeintheground

> 				`	"Maybe, but that could also make someone consider it an even better one. Let's open up these crates."`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
				`	"Maybe, but they could be trying to hide in plain sight. Let's open up these crates."`
```

					goto opencrate
			label opencrate

> 			`	You two go about opening all the crates on the upper floor, but end up finding nothing.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	You two go about opening all the crates on the upper floor but end up finding nothing.`
```

> 			`	On the bright side, you manage to use the remains to patch up the gap, as the storm grew stronger.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	On the bright side, you manage to use the remains to patch up the gap as the storm grows stronger.`
```

			`	"Nothing here, we will find, Captain," Tugroob says.`
			choice

> 				`	"Yeah, sorry, let's go outside and check that hole while we can."`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
				`	"Yeah, sorry.. Let's go outside and check that hole while we can."`
```

					goto aslipperyholeintheground

> 				`	"Hold on, we can still check the ones down there."`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
				`	"Hold on. We can still check the ones down there."`
```

					goto crateeater
			label crateeater

> 			`	At this point Tugroob starts using all their body weight and gripping the crates with all legs at the same time, crushing each crate and barrel open.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	At this point, Tugroob starts using all their body weight to grip the containers with all legs at the same time, crushing each crate and barrel open.`
```
Didn't like the double usage of `crates` when it's actually referring to both `crates` and `barrels`.

> 			`	Once everything is broken up and it turns out there was nothing inside any of them after all, they rush outside, in the storm, and you follow after them.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	Once everything is broken up and it turns out there was nothing inside any of them after all, they rush outside into the storm, and you follow after them.`
```

> 			`	You two find the hole, but as you try to go down constantly trip and nearly fall down, were it not for Tugroob holding you and setting you back on your feet. The storm making it too dificult to see any feasible path for you to get down there, so you two head back inside to wait for better visibility.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	You find the hole and descend nearly tripping and falling several times were it not for Tugroob holding you and setting you back on your feet. The storm makes it too difficult to see any path leading deeper, so you two head back inside to wait for better visibility.`
```

> 			`	Night falls, with no sign of the storm dying down, and after receiving a notification from Iplora, Tugroob informs you that you both should head back to the ship and pick her and Kirrie back up. You two meet up with the rest of the group.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	Night falls. With no sign of the storm dying down, and after receiving a notification from Iplora, Tugroob informs you that you should both head back to the ship and pick her and Kirrie up. You two meet up with the rest of the group.`
```

				accept
			label aslipperyholeintheground

> 			`	You two find the hole, but as you try to go down constantly trip and nearly fall down, were it not for Tugroob holding you and setting you back on your feet. The storm making it too dificult to see any feasible path for you to get down there, so you two head back inside to wait for better visibility.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	You find the hole and descend nearly tripping and falling several times were it not for Tugroob holding you and setting you back on your feet. The storm makes it too difficult to see any path leading deeper, so you two head back inside to wait for better visibility.`
```

> 			`	Night falls, with no sign of the storm dying down, and after receiving a notification from Iplora, Tugroob informs you that you both should head back to the ship and pick her and Kirrie back up. You two meet up with the rest of the group.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	Night falls. With no sign of the storm dying down, and after receiving a notification from Iplora, Tugroob informs you that you should both head back to the ship and pick her and Kirrie up. You two meet up with the rest of the group.`
```

				accept
			label holeintheground

> 			`	You two carefully make your way down the hole, down to the bottom, around ten meters below the flat area with the barn.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	You two carefully make your way down the hole. It bottoms out around ten meters below the barn.`
```

> 			`	As you were coming down, Tugroob pointed to the cracked, rocky walls, saying that most of them were unstable, and you should watch out for rockslides.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	As you were coming down, Tugroob pointed to the cracked, rocky walls, saying that most of them were unstable, and you should watch out for rock slides.`
```

> 			`	Looking around, you two spot several smaller holes on the walls, many being just the right size for a human or Saryd arm to squeeze in, and a few larger cracks, that you two shouldn't have much trouble going through.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	Looking around, you spot several smaller holes on the walls just large enough for a human or Saryd arm. There are also few larger cracks that you two shouldn't have much trouble going through.`
```

			choice
				`	(Reach your arms inside the smaller holes to look for anything there.)`
					goto rockyarm

> 				`	(Go for the larger cracks and see if they lead to anything.)`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
				`	(Head for the larger cracks to see if they lead to anything.)`
```

					goto rockraider
			label rockyarm
			`	You carefully go about putting your arm inside a few of the holes, with Tugroob helping you up for the ones you couldn't reach, but ultimately you find nothing.`

> 			`	A few small rocks fell as you went about the whole thing, but none hit neither of you, thankfully. Up above, the storm has already started to bring in heavy amounts of sand inside.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	A few small rocks fell while you were doing so, but thankfully you and Tugroob are unscathed. Sand is piling up inside from the storm raging above.`
```

> 			`	"To remain here for long, dangerous, will be, Captain," Tugroob says.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	"To remain here for long, dangerous, it will be, Captain," Tugroob says.`
```

			choice
				`	(Head for the larger cracks in the wall now.)`
					goto rockraider
				`	(Head back up while you still can, and check the barn.)`
					goto barnyedwards
			label barnyedwards
			`	Tugroob crawls back up while you cling to them, as the path you took before proves to be much too risky with the reduced visibility.`

> 			`	You two head inside the barn, to find the place nearly entirely empty, save for a few sets of crates and barrels around the corners.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	The two of you head inside to find the place nearly empty, save for a few crates and barrels in corners.`
```

> 			`	You follow Tugroob to the upper levels, but once again find nothing but dusty containers. A small gap between the planks here allows some sand to come inside, the storm is getting closer.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	You follow Tugroob to the upper levels but once again find nothing but dusty containers. A small gap between the planks here allows some sand to come inside. The sandstorm is getting closer.`
```

> 			`	"Much too obvious a hiding spot, this would be," they say, but seeing as the storm doesn't go down, you two agree to break open the crates, just in case. Regrettably, you find nothing.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	"Much too obvious a hiding spot, this would be," they say, but seeing as the storm doesn't let up, you two break open the crates, just in case. Regrettably, you find nothing.`
```

> 			`	Night falls, with no sign of the storm dying down, and after receiving a notification from Iplora, Tugroob informs you that you both should head back to the ship and pick her and Kirrie back up. You two meet up with the rest of the group.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	Night falls. With no sign of the storm dying down, and after receiving a notification from Iplora, Tugroob informs you that you should both head back to the ship and pick her and Kirrie up. You two meet up with the rest of the group.`
```

				accept
			label rockraider
			apply
				"resistance evidence" ++

> 			`	After finding a hole that both of you can go through, you two head on inside, Tugroob lighting up the path below with a flashlight. A couple larger rocks occasionaly fall, and Tugroob has to prevent some from hitting you, quickly crawling around the walls to try and slow them down to give you time to move away.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	You find a hole large enough for both of you and enter, Tugroob holding a flashlight to illuminate the path below. Larger rocks occasionally fall, and Tugroob has to prevent some from hitting you, quickly crawling around the walls to try and slow them down so you have time to move away.`
```

> 			`	Eventually you two come to find some reinforced wooden beams, in what looks like a mineshaft, a few lights on the walls turn on as you two approach them.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	Eventually you two arrive at a pair of wooden beam, in what looks like a mineshaft. A few lights on the walls flicker on as you approach them.`
```

> 			`	You're about to go forward, when you're stopped by Tugroob. They crawl around the entrance, looping it several times, without ever going further in, only sometimes stopping, and slowling reaching one leg inside, then back after apparently touching something.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	You're about to go forward when you're stopped by Tugroob. They crawl around the entrance, looping it several times without ever going further in, only sometimes stopping and slowly reaching one leg inside, then right back out after apparently touching something.`
```

> 			`	They come back down, and say, "Request support equipment, to get through safely, we must."`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	They come back down and say, "Request support equipment, to get through safely, we must."`
```

> 			`	Using their communication device, they call for support from Heliarch agents, warning them about the rockfall. Though you're well protected from the rockfall there, you hear several rocks fall rapidly, as Tugroob says the Heliarch are coming.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	Using their communication device, they call for support from Heliarch agents, warning them about the rockfall. Though you're well protected from the rockfall there, you can still hear them falling in the distance as Tugroob says the Heliarch are coming.`
```

> 			`	Shortly after, several dozen Heliarch agents are there, some of them with certain cutting tools you can't quite identify, that they use to surgically cut down what Tugroob was slowly examining before, several extremely thin wires, connected to some type of machinery hidden within the wooden beams.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	Shortly after, several dozen Heliarch agents are there with cutting tools you can't quite identify that they use to surgically remove what Tugroob was slowly examining before: several extremely thin wires, connected to some type of machinery hidden within the wooden beams, create a web around the entrance deeper into the mineshaft..`
```

> 			`	After all is done, the agents storm the place, but find noone there. What they do find are dozens upon dozens of crates, filled to the brim with Heliarch staves and their blaster guns.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	After they're done, the agents storm the place but find nobody. What they do find are dozens upon dozens of crates filled to the brim with Heliarch staves and blaster guns.`
```

> 			`	They escort you two back outside, as the agents prepare to bring the smuggled weapons to their own ships. Though the storm is still raging on, you can make out the shape of a few Heliarch Interdictors parked nearby your own ship, right before you take off.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	They escort you two back outside as the agents prepare to bring the smuggled weapons to their own ships. Though the storm is still raging on, you can make out the shape of a few Heliarch Interdictors parked near your own ship right before you take off.`
```

> 			`	You two regroup with Iplora and Kirrie, as they ask Tugroob for more details on the whole ordeal.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	You regroup with Iplora and Kirrie, and they ask Tugroob for more details on the ordeal.`
```

				accept
			label anotherholeintheground

> 			`	You two carefully make your way down the hole, down to the bottom, around ten meters below the flat area with the barn.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	You two carefully make your way down the hole. It bottoms out around ten meters below the barn.`
```

> 			`	As you were coming down, Tugroob pointed to the cracked, rocky walls, saying that most of them were unstable, and you should watch out for rockfall.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	As you were coming down, Tugroob pointed to the cracked, rocky walls, saying that most of them were unstable, and you should watch out for rock slides.`
```

> 			`	Looking around, you two spot several smaller holes on the walls, many being just the right size for a human or Saryd arm to squeeze in, and a few larger cracks, that you two shouldn't have much trouble going through.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	Looking around, you spot several smaller holes on the walls just large enough for a human or Saryd arm. There are also few larger cracks that you two shouldn't have much trouble going through.`
```

			choice
				`	(Reach your arms inside the smaller holes to look for anything there.)`
					goto sandyarm

> 				`	(Go for the larger cracks and see if they lead to anything.)`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
				`	(Head for the larger cracks to see if they lead to anything.)`
```

					goto rockraider
			label sandyarm
			`	You carefully go about putting your arm inside a few of the holes, with Tugroob helping you up for the ones you couldn't reach, but ultimately you find nothing.`

> 			`	Many small rocks fell as you went about the whole thing, but none hit neither of you, miraculously. Unfortunately, the storm above is bringing in too much sand now for you to even look around for more holes, or the exact location of the larger cracks you saw before.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	Many small rocks fell as you went about the whole thing, but miraculously you both remain unscathed. Unfortunately, too much sand from the storm above is piling up for you to look around for more holes or the exact location of the larger cracks you saw before.`
```

> 			`	"To remain here for long, dangerous, will be, Captain," Tugroob says, as they urge you to cling to them. They carefully crawl back up, and you two take refuge inside the barn.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	"To remain here for long, dangerous, it will be, Captain," Tugroob says as they urge you to cling to them. They carefully crawl back up, and you two take refuge inside the barn.`
```

> 			`	Night falls, with no sign of the storm dying down, and after receiving a notification from Iplora, Tugroob informs you that you both should head back to the ship and pick her and Kirrie back up. You two meet up with the rest of the group.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	Night falls. With no sign of the storm dying down, and after receiving a notification from Iplora, Tugroob informs you that you should both head back to the ship and pick her and Kirrie up. You two meet up with the rest of the group.`
```

				accept
			label lonespider

> 			`	"I see," they say, before handing you some coordinates where they will go to. You drop them off, and return to where you dropped off the other two.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	"I see," they say, then give you the coordinates they will go to. You drop them off and return to where you dropped off the other two.`
```

> 			`	They come back hours later, and contact Tugroob, as you head there to pick them up too. It seems neither of them found anything worthwhile here.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	They come back hours later and contact Tugroob as you head there to pick them up too. It seems neither of them found anything worthwhile here.`
```

mission "HI2-FS"
	name "Investigate Fourth Shadow"
	description "Transport the Heliarch trio here so that they can investigate signs of Resistance activity."
	to offer
		has "Heliarch Investigation 1: done"
	source "Ring of Friendship"
	destination "Fourth Shadow"
	to fail
		or
			has "Heliarch Investigation 2: declined"
			has "Heliarch Investigation 2: aborted"
			has "Heliarch Investigation 2 :failed"
	on complete
		conversation
			`For this planet, the trio informs you that they cannot spend too much time in one place, considering how densely populated it is, so they hand you the coordinates of dozens of factories, and tell you to bring them to them in whichever order you please.`
			`	"Surprise inspections, we shall perform," Kirrie says, as the three prepare their equipment, with weapons ready.`
			`	You spend hours flying around the planet, dropping one of the agents off in one factory, running off to another, then another, then picking up the first of the three again, and continuing the process.`

> 			`	After picking up Tugroob from the last factory, they all analyze their findings one last time, going over each individual factory, mechanically running down a long list of "possible anormalities" for each, and marking on the side of the applicable ones.`

Author: added some more stuff to that

	on offer
		conversation
			`	While you told them this was nothing more than a barren mining outpost, the Heliarchs still insisted on gathering intel on this small moon. Regardless of it's usefulness, you land as they asked, and let your scanners get a proper reading on this world.`
				decline

mission "Heliarch Recon G"
	invisible
	landing
	source "Grakhord"
	destination "Earth"
	to offer
		has "Heliarch Recon 1: active"
	on offer
		conversation
			`As instructed, you land on Grakhord and let your ship work normally while the Heliarch sensor does its thing. Though they are very advanced, you doubt whether the modified scanner could penetrate the layers of rock to fully reveal the Quarg mining operation.`
				decline

event "heliarch recon break"

mission "Heliarch Recon 2-A"
	name "Scanning Preparations"
	description "Install an Outfit Scanner, then land on <destination>, where the Heliarch will modify it to be able to scan Quarg ships the way they need it."
	landing
	source
		government "Heliarch"
		not planet "Ring of Wisdom"
	destination "Ring of Wisdom"
	to offer
		has "event: heliarch recon break"
		not "Resistance: Questions: offered"
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`Some Heliarchs approach you as you land. You think you can recognize the Saryd of the group as one of those who asked you to land on all the Quarg-owned worlds some time ago.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`Some Heliarchs approach you as you land. You think you can recognize the Saryd of the group as one of those who recently asked you to land on all the Quarg-owned worlds.`
```
The event timer is only 6 days (I think), so `recently` might make more sense than `some time ago`.

			`	"The honorable Captain, we once again are pleased to greet," he says.`

> 			`	"Another fortuitous meeting, we hope this will be."`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	"Another worthwhile meeting, we hope this will be."`
```
[I do not think it means what you think it means.](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/fortuitous) - [Inigo Montoya, _The Princess Bride_](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G2y8Sx4B2Sk)

			`	"In mind, a new strategy we have. Your assistance, we once again require."`
			choice
				`	"What do you need me to do?"`
				`	"I'm sorry, but I'm not willing to risk my ship any longer to help you spy on the Quarg."`
					decline
			`	"If too complex and protected, the Quarg's rings are, perhaps something new, from their ships we might learn."`

> 			`	"Scan them during our war, we of course did, but much wiser and more sofisticated, we and our devices have become."`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	"Scan them during our war, we of course did, but much wiser and more sophisticated, we and our devices have become."`
```

> 			`	"To use one of our own scanners, we cannot ask of thee. Much risk, it would pose. Alas, if to <destination>, a human Outfit Scanner you bring, alter it, we could."`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	"To use one of our own scanners, we cannot ask of you. Much risk, it would pose. If to <destination>, a human Outfit Scanner you bring, alter it, we could."`
```

			`	You agree to head there once you have equipped an Outfit Scanner, and they thank you for your willingness to help.`
				accept
	on complete
		require "Outfit Scanner"

mission "Heliarch Recon 2-B"
	name "Silent Scan"

> 	description "Now that the Heliarchs have altered your Outfit Scanner, head to <waypoint> and scan some Quarg ships there, then report back to <destination>."

Reviewer 5: I tried playing this branch, and the `<waypoint>` wasn't replaced in the pop-up text.  The pop-up text said:
```
Now that the Heliarchs have altered your Outfit Scanner, 
head to <waypoint> and scan some Quarg ships there, 
then report back to the Ring of Wisdom in the Ekuarik
system.
```
I'm not sure why it didn't get replaced, since `waypoint` is defined below.  The Enif system was circled so I was still able to figure out where to go.

Author: yeah, should be <waypoints>. I'll most likely be fixing that and some other stuff I myself found in the next few weeks

	landing
	source "Ring of Wisdom"
	destination "Ring of Wisdom"
	waypoint "Enif"
	to offer
		has "Heliarch Recon 2-A: done"
		not "Resistance: Questions: offered"
	on offer
		conversation
			`While you don't find any of the Heliarchs that spoke to you here, one of their groups is there with a team of engineers once you land.`

> 			`	They remove the Outfit Scanner from your ship, and take it to some restricted area. After about an hour, they come back, and while you can't spot any change done to the oufit, they reinstall it in your ship.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	They remove the Outfit Scanner from your ship and take it to some restricted area. After about an hour, they come back, and while you can't see any visible changes to the outfit, they reinstall it in your ship.`
```

> 			`	They say they will be waiting for your return, and wish you good luck.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	They say they will be waiting for your return and wish you good luck.`
```

				accept
	npc "scan outfits"
		personality staying uninterested target
		government "Quarg"
		system "Enif"
		fleet
			names "quarg"
			variant
				"Quarg Skylark"
				"Quarg Wardragon"
	on complete
		payment 200000
		conversation

> 			`Once again the engineers remove your Outfit Scanner, taking a copy of the scan logs with them, and handing another copy to the Heliarchs, who hand you <payment>.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`Once again the engineers remove your Outfit Scanner, taking a copy of the scan logs with them. They hand another copy to the Heliarchs, who give you <payment>.`
```

> 			`	They return the outfit to your ship just like before, you still not being able to tell what they did to it.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	They return the outfit to your ship just like before. You still can't tell what they did to it.`
```

			`	"Grateful to you, we are, Captain <last>," the Saryd says. "Remember your assistance, we will."`

> 

Reviewer 4: Maybe you could add some flavor text here suggesting the player go to the Quarg worlds to see what was going on when they all heard your scanner's whirring sound? It seems like you might leave the player semi-stranded here not knowing what to do next.

mission "Quarg Interrogation"
	invisible
	landing
	source
		government "Quarg"
		not planet "Humanika"
	destination "Earth"
	to offer
		has "Heliarch Recon 2-B: done"
	on offer
		conversation
			`As you land on <origin>, a Quarg is patiently waiting right outside. Seeing that it won't go away, you head outside to speak with it.`
			`	"Hello, <first> <last>," it says.`
			choice
				`	"Hi, can I help you?"`
				`	"Is there some sort of problem?"`

> 			`	It blinks, then looks to the side slowly, to a Wardragon parked farther away.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	It blinks then slowly looks to a Wardragon parked farther away.`
```

> 			`	"You were seen landing on our worlds and rings, bringing about strange scanning mechanisms, and were also found to be scanning some of our ships. Why is that?"`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	"You were seen landing on our worlds and rings with strange scanning mechanisms and were also found to be scanning some of our ships. Why is that?"`
```

Author: not leaning much for this change

			choice
				`	"I was just curious about your species."`
					goto lie
				`	"What are you talking about? I never did any of that. Must have been my cousin."`
					goto lie

> 				`	"Scanning? I'm sorry, I think my ship just had some malfunctions, I didn't mean to offend."`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
				`	"Scanning? I'm sorry, I think my ship just had some malfunctions. I didn't mean to offend."`
```

					goto lie
				`	"The Heliarchs asked me to do it."`
					goto truth
			label lie
			`	Around ten seconds pass without it saying anything, simply staring at your eyes and blinking slowly.`
			`	"I see."`
			`	Without another word, it walks away, headed to the Wardragon.`
				decline
			label truth
			`	"And why did you agree? Do you wish to join their ranks, perhaps?" It asks.`
			choice

> 				`	"I just wanted to help, it's not like I destroyed your ships or something."`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
				`	"I just wanted to help. It's not like I destroyed your ships or something."`
```

					goto justhelp
				`	"They told me that the Quarg keep others in 'separate boxes', and that you hinder their development."`
					goto hinder
			label justhelp
			`	"Perhaps not, but you agreed to collect intel on us and our worlds, which hold countless civilians, and deliver the findings to a group that hates us."`
				goto end
			label hinder

> 			`	"And you believe that? Have we restricted your movement? Chastised you for interacting with the Hai, or Korath? Even after you agreed to help those foolish, tyrannical Heliarchs, are you not here, in one of our worlds, peacefully conversing with a Quarg?"`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	"And you believe that? Have we restricted your movement? Chastised you for interacting with the Hai or Korath? Even after you agreed to help those foolish, tyrannical Heliarchs, are you not here, in one of our worlds, peacefully conversing with a Quarg?"`
```
This seems a little aggressive for a Quarg. That might just be my own perception of the Quarg though, which I always saw as displaying little to no emotion. Then again, this story seems to be heading the direction of painting the Quarg in this fashion, so it might fit. Up to you.

Author: it is intentionally aggressive

			label end

> 			`	It blinks a few more times, as a few small stripes on it's face rapidly alternate between shades of deep blue and bright red, then ends with, "It would be most wise to cut off all your ties with these 'Heliarchs,' human."`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	It blinks a few more times as a few small stripes on its face rapidly alternate between shades of deep blue and bright red, then ends with, "It would be most wise to cut off all your ties with these 'Heliarchs', human."`
```

			`	It walks away, headed to the Wardragon it looked at before.`
				decline

mission "Heliarch Recon 3-A"
	name "Preparations for Scanning"
	description "Head to <destination>, where the Heliarchs will lend you one of their scanners."
	deadline
	landing
	source
		government "Heliarch"
		not planet "Ring of Wisdom"
	destination "Ring of Wisdom"
	to offer
		has "Quarg Interrogation: offered"
		has "Rim Archaeology 5B: active"
		has "event: rim archaeology results"
		not "Resistance: Questions: offered"
		"reputation: Quarg" >= 1
		"coalition jobs" >= 65
	on offer
		conversation
			`Upon landing, a trio of Heliarchs walk up to your ship to meet with you.`

> 			`	They inform you that though they looked over the scan logs of the Quarg ships, they weren't capable of detecting anything different from back when they were actively at war against them.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	They inform you that though they looked over the scan logs of the Quarg ships, they weren't capable of detecting anything different from when they were actively at war against them.`
```

> 			`	"Although tinkered with, the human scanners sadly could not give us the precise information we needed."`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	"Although tinkered with, the human scanners could not give us the precise information we needed."`
```

> 			`	"Diminute stashes of their outfits, our ancestors stole, but never to fully capture one of the Quarg ships, did they manage," the Kimek adds.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	"Diminutive stashes of their outfits, our ancestors stole, but never to fully capture one of the Quarg ships, did they manage," the Kimek adds.`
```
`Diminute` is so rarely used it shows as a spelling error for me. It might be better to use a word readers are more likely to be familiar with.

			`	"How the whole connects all their advanced equipment, we must learn, if to ever replicate it we are."`

> 			`	The Saryd then explains that they have gotten special permission from the elders to let you 'borrow' one of their own pieces of scanning equipment, and that you should head to the <destination> if you wish to continue helping them.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	The Saryd then explains that they have gotten special permission from the elders to let you 'borrow' one of their own pieces of scanning equipment, and you should head to <destination> if you wish to continue helping them.`
```

			choice
				`	"Ok, I'll be heading there as soon as possible."`
					accept

> 				`	"Sorry, but I don't wanna risk upsetting the Quarg any more than I've already risked."`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
				`	"Sorry, but I don't want to risk upsetting the Quarg any more than I already have."`
```

					decline
				`	"Why didn't you just give me one last time?"`
			`	"Restricted technology, it is. For Heliarch use only."`
			`	"Dangerous for you, it could also be. Irritated, the Quarg might have been, if our technology, on your ship they noticed. Attacked you, they might have."`
			choice
				`	"And why would that be any different this time?"`
				`	"Well, I don't want to risk any of that. Sorry, but I can't help you."`
					decline
			`	"Information, we have acquired. Protected by the Quarg, some expedition in the nearby human systems was. Correct that is, yes?"`

> 			`	You confirm that there was indeed an archeology project on Zug, and explain how a Quarg Wardragon helped protect the dig site from a pirate attack.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	You confirm that there was indeed an archeology project on Zug and explain how a Quarg Wardragon helped protect the dig site from a pirate attack.`
```

			`	"Then alone, the Wardragon is," the Arach says. "From their rings, and other worlds, far away it is. Arrive, reinforcements will not."`
			`	"Only to scan it, we ask of you, Captain. Free to run away, you are, if it indeed attacks you," the Saryd reiterates.`
			choice

> 				`	"Fine, I'll help you, but won't risk my life for the scans if the Wardragon attacks me outright."`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
				`	"Fine. I'll help you, but I won't risk my life for the scans if the Wardragon attacks me outright."`
```
